yes the marathon still goes on
that guti or skype so here it is a
concert at the age and suddenly I found
a piece that I have then but never
but never put 6 to the website
Youtube
So there I thought Enjoy goutier
who pays me in concert to make
discover to the audience the piece so that
is called eternity ideas then
it's very sweet but I forgot the
piece so that's it I put because
I found death under his part of
ideas at my concerts
dray
thomas
ten Belgian and foreign
m
June 1
but
d
tempting him
here is going
it is that it was already mine
successful one and two good concerts I was
to pass it's okay but then if the
but it does not matter if he goes
open on the subject of gauthier but
I see that the part that we appreciate
so but you encouraged yourself to
to continue well to certain expenses
public without his microphone in his
marathon to oppose because there I had
a goal of 3000 public video and
after 3600, but what I am
2600 no 400 so I'm waiting for them
fans like guti who will support a
concert marathon